CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

All these rules are on place to keep all concise so anybody can understand them
clearly, And these rules could be changed if there are better ways to do them
(Make an issue for this and will be checked if it's acceptable by community), We
are also embracers of new technology,

- The .prettierrc can't be changed unless theirs much cleaner settings,
- JavaScript must follow camel case,
- W3 Standards at https://www.w3.org/standards/ should be followed,
- Only yarnpkg can be used as a package manager due to it's efficient and most
  currently updated,
- Best to serve images as .webp and copy of original image can also be added.
- All packages should be updated to latest version and should follow best
  practices,
- Classes are little bit discouraged and|or|but classes should be clean,
- Should add as strict type settings and prop settings (You can ask a community
  to do this for you),
- Should follow at least esNext or higher,
- Discouraged to use outside assets such as images linking to another site so
  not to break anything on their change,
- This project should be as free as possible for access of everyone as the will
  of contributers,
- export defaults should be at the end of the file as refractor,
- Using !important in sass is discouraged,
- Can't have empty divs and use <> when required,
- Props in components is best put on the very top except above useState hooks,
- Don't put ={true} in boolean props,
- Always use interface without types when defining typescript,
- Components and functions needed to be preditable and easily understood, and
  best follow code quality checkers and hears my definition, (Programming
  languages were created to make it easier for humans not for computers, so why
  make it complicated and a best programming language is the one that can be
  most easiest to understand while being effiecient at the trade off of the
  performance!, Himadu Sirimanna)

Store, Admin and Server should be kept seperated so a user can host in different
platforms as needed, Theme should be able to easily be removed and added as a
feature, however you ask maintainers to change this two rules by giving the
reasons mentioning why and accepting.

All code contributions will be checked for any errors before accept, To be a
member must show dedication either by code or support, Some regulations will be
changed according to community and maintainers,

Project will have standards such as https://12factor.net/ And will be kept
everything under unlicense or more foss based license...

And thankyou for considering to support us!

In cezerin3 anyone from a person to write or spellcheck a article to expert
javascript, or from a financial support of 0.1\$ to higher are all are accepted
and appreciated.

Issues sections have from small things to large things you can contribute
always, you can also ask for new features, errors, any other thing you can do as
a community member....

If you like to ask for fair price to solve issues or add new features, Make a
comment or a new issue reagarding details about that and a fair price, If it's
accepted, you'll be given the job (Maybe with a deadline) and once the your pull
request been accepted, The payment will be transffered from organization open
collective to a possible means of transfer and will put on the ledger.

Commit message:

To redux slices (#8)
* update

* Update reducer.tsx

* Update reducer.tsx

* Fixes

* fixes

* async await

* client fix

* Store client

* authorizeInWebStore

* Update

* Fixes

* Update reducer.tsx

* fixes

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

All these rules are on place to keep all concise so anybody can understand them
clearly, And these rules could be changed if there are better ways to do them
(Make an issue for this and will be checked if it's acceptable by community), We
are also embracers of new technology,

- The .prettierrc can't be changed unless theirs much cleaner settings,
- JavaScript must follow camel case,
- W3 Standards at https://www.w3.org/standards/ should be followed,
- Only yarnpkg can be used as a package manager due to it's efficient and most
  currently updated,
- Best to serve images as .webp and copy of original image can also be added.
- All packages should be updated to latest version and should follow best
  practices,
- Classes are little bit discouraged and|or|but classes should be clean,
- Should add as strict type settings and prop settings (You can ask a community
  to do this for you),
- Should follow at least esNext or higher,
- Discouraged to use outside assets such as images linking to another site so
  not to break anything on their change,
- This project should be as free as possible for access of everyone as the will
  of contributers,
- export defaults should be at the end of the file as refractor,
- Using !important in sass is discouraged,
- Can't have empty divs and use <> when required,
- Props in components is best put on the very top except above useState hooks,
- Don't put ={true} in boolean props,
- Always use async/await with try/catch and error handling is must!,
- Always use interface without types when defining typescript,
- Components and functions needed to be preditable and easily understood, and
  best follow code quality checkers and hears my definition, (Programming
  languages were created to make it easier for humans not for computers, so why
  make it complicated and a best programming language is the one that can be
  most easiest to understand while being effiecient at the trade off of the
  performance!, Himadu Sirimanna)

Store, Admin and Server should be kept seperated so a user can host in different
platforms as needed, Theme should be able to easily be removed and added as a
feature, however you ask maintainers to change this two rules by giving the
reasons mentioning why and accepting.

All code contributions will be checked for any errors before accept, To be a
member must show dedication either by code or support, Some regulations will be
changed according to community and maintainers,

Project will have standards such as https://12factor.net/ And will be kept
everything under unlicense or more foss based license...

And thankyou for considering to support us!

In cezerin3 anyone from a person to write or spellcheck a article to expert
javascript, or from a financial support of 0.1\$ to higher are all are accepted
and appreciated.

Issues sections have from small things to large things you can contribute
always, you can also ask for new features, errors, any other thing you can do as
a community member....

If you like to ask for fair price to solve issues or add new features, Make a
comment or a new issue reagarding details about that and a fair price, If it's
accepted, you'll be given the job (Maybe with a deadline) and once the your pull
request been accepted, The payment will be transffered from organization open
collective to a possible means of transfer and will put on the ledger.
